---
title: Blog 11-07-18
layout: post
author: george.mowbray
permalink: /blog-11-07-18/
source-id: 1O9B34uFeR65DhEOXZm9V4mlOshx5gGOQeEOhHGGo1U4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>10-07-18</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We've been learning about media and how to stay safe online including on social media, games and the internet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Watch a collection of videos and in each video you decide the outcome of the event. Learn about and discuss the outcome and how to stop the events in the video happening to you.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did. Although I was not actually in the lesson due to a concert practice I caught up on the work by watching the video at home.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned the actions of some of the characters in the video, even before I saw the outcome, as they made decisions that I disagreed with and that I thought would put them in trouble or danger.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>When catching up with the work I did not pester Mr Keen as I was told by a classmate the task and then I got on with the assignment at home.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected back on my learning to write this reflection of my work. I watched the video again to remind myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have extended myself by trying out the other video options by clicking on different links on the page.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Don't just do the bare minimum, extending yourself will help you improve.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


