---
title: Blog 09-05-18
layout: post
author: george.mowbray
permalink: /blog-09-05-18/
source-id: 15q8A9X1usWfameczDjptA9srFh9p6L41r0c1mx5Vcd8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 09-05-18</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learnt what media is, different types of media and fakes in the media such as photoshopping. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Answer media related questions and learn more about media.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, we also learnt a lot about illegally copyrighting as this was one of the many different topics that cropped up during our conversation.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Because I was interested in the topics that we were discussing I asked many questions to find about more about the subject.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>For a large part of the lesson we played a game in which Mr Keen would give us a media question, usually one without a correct answer, and if you thought yes you would go to one side of the room and if you thought no you would go to the other. On on of the question everyone went to my side but after Mr Keen explained about it everyone but me and one other left. However I stuck to what I thought and made an independent conclusion rather than going with the majority. This was also one of my targets from last weeks blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>A couple of the questions I asked didn't need to be as the answer was obvious if I thought about it .</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Think before I speak!</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


