---
title: Blog 24-01-18
layout: post
author: george.mowbray
permalink: /blog-24-01-18/
source-id: 1Q7-c0Xmfh8fob9Uc07UxdcTlvd53lQRDa4nYXtLBVKA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 24-01-18</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Planned game and started coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Continue coding and improve my game</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did improve my game however I did not complete quite as much as I would have liked to.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Unfortunately this week I think I did not persevere as much as usual as I just gave up when I encountered a tricky problem. Next week I will make sure to persevere.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Despite the fact I did not solve the problem I was still independent as I decided to just change my game slightly so I would not have to deal with it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The reason I did not complete as much as I wanted to was that I came into a problem early in the lesson. I tried to work it out but after a couple of minutes I had made no progress. At this point I was getting cross and annoyed and as you can imagine this definitely did not help me solve the problem an in the end I just gave up and changed my game slightly so that I would not have to encounter that problem again.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Solutions not problems! I needed to stop flapping and panicking and just think calmly and logically.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


